Let's get started.
So where's my GitHub?
There we go.
Okay, so if we go into the AI one,
I also don't have this one open because
there is a lot going on here and
I want to make sure I get it
exactly the way I had it.
So the first thing is if we go into our
AI, we have our function called QA.
QA just needs to take two things.
It needs to take the question that
you're asking and then all the entries.
Cuz we have to index, we have to put all
the entries in the memory database cuz
we're doing in memory database.
If this was like a hosted database, we
won't have to take the entries every time,
we'll just index them every time we
save them in our planet scale database.
Every time they get saved
in the planet scale,
also save it in the vector database.
But we don't have a hosted vector
database, in memory database.
So we have to create it every
single time we ask a question.
So we'll take the entries, and
then basically what we wanna do,
I'll just kind of give
an overview of everything, and
then we'll talk about the specifics
of what's actually happening.
We want to turn everything into
what's called a langchain document.
Nothing fancy about it's just
an object that represents some string.
And you can add metadata to it like
where it came from when it was created,
whatever you want.
This is helpful if you wanna have
the AI cite sources on where it learned
information from.
Because some, that's very beneficial.
If you ask AI question and you say,
can you cite where you learned that from?
So you can put that metadata
in your document so it can use
sites to understand where it came from so
you know it's not just making up stuff.
Or like where did you get that from?
Really cool.
So we'll take that, then what
we'll do is we'll create a model,
from there we'll do this
thing called a chain.
We'll talk about a chain in a minute,
chain inside of Lang chain,
we'll create embeddings,
embeddings are just a group of vectors.
And then we'll store those documents
in our memory vector database.
We'll perform that similarity search
that I talked about where we take your
question, turn it into a vector,
plot it, grab all the similar ones,
come back with the similar ones.
And then we'll do our a API call
to the AI and get back our result.
Cool, so let's do that.
So the first thing is let's take our
entries and turn them into docs.
So we'll say docs = entries.map,
and we get an entry here.
And basically we wanna return a new
document that we can get from langchain.
Let's see if it auto-completes it for
me, and
I don't know why the autocomplete
pulls from Dist.
Let's see if it pulls from anywhere else.
It must be like lang chains,
the way they set their thing up, because
the autocomplete never works for their
stuff but I'm pretty sure it comes from-
>> /dist/document/chain/dist ASD.
>> Yeah,
typically you don't wanna pull from dist.
This is typically like, yeah,
that's just like their output folder.
But there should be like another one,
right?
So it probably is.
Let's see.
Where did I pull it from?
Yeah, it's just /document, right?
But I don't know why
the autocomplete doesn't see that.
I think it's just something,
how they set their thing up.
But yeah,
you typically don't pull from dist.
Yeah.
And then it has this green,
this is what throws me off.
So usually when you see the green there,
to me that tells me that that's usually
a type file, like a file with just types
in it and not a typescript file, so
that's why it always throws me off.
So I don't know why they have that there,
I don't know.
Anyway that's just some
OG stuff I guess [LAUGH].
So let me make a new document,
And then inside the document, you
can put the page content, the page content
is just gonna be the entry.content.
And then we can have the metadata,
which is just an object.
And then I'll put like,
I want the ID of the entry in here, so
we know where this came from.
Maybe I want when this was created,
I'll get the entry.
CreatedAt.
And this is helpful if I asked a query on,
well,
how did I feel two days
within the last two days?
Well, now we can calculate that cuz
there's some metadata here on when this
was created.
So it's helpful to do that.
You can put whatever you want.
I mean, you can put the whole entry in
here if you want, it doesn't matter.
I'm just gonna put those two things.
So now, we have an array of documents.
And from there, I mean, there's really no
right order or whatever we wanna do here.
But I think from there, what we can do
is we can just load up the model and
then create the chain.
So for the model, because this is a QA
model where we want it to be very strict,
we can say, model = new, open AI,
temperature, 0 model name,
gpt- 3.5-turbo, like that.
And then we're gonna create a chain.
So a chain is basically,
it's exactly what it sounds like.
It allows you to chain
multiple LLM calls together.
You can string them together,
have the output of one,
be the input of another one.
That's basically what it is.
Lang chain has many
different types of chains.
They have like a chat chain,
an LLM chain, agent chain,
different types of agent chains,
it's actually exhaustive.
I don't think I've even
tried half of them yet.
So what we're gonna do is use
the one that they have here
called the low QA refine chain,
so let's do that.
So we'll say, Chain = loadQA,
it doesn't autocomplete for me.
No, this one's from Langchain chains.
Yeah, they just changed all their imports,
used to just be able to import everything
from langchain until a week ago.
So that's why I'm still
learning these imports.
Load, Not QA chain.
Load QA refine chain.
We'll load the QA refine chain
we'll pass in the model.
So what is QA refine chain?
I think it's helpful
just to talk about that.
So that one is,
I believe it is on index document QA.
Here we go.
So the QA refine chain.
They talk about it right here.
So this chain iterates over
the inputs of documents one by one,
updating an intermediate
answer with each iteration.
It uses previous version of the answer
in the next document as context.
It is suitable for QA tasks over
a large number of documents, so
that's what we're using this.
There's other ones too,
like MapReduce stuff.
You can use stuff if it's just,
you don't have that many documents,
you can just stuff them
all into one prompt.
That's why it's called stuff, a MapReduce
is like- How do I describe this one?
So, yeah, this one basically just,
it just like maps over it and
tries to summarize stuff and
create smaller.
It tries to do things in parallel.
So what it'll do, it'll make multiple
calls to the AI in parallel.
And then take all the results of all them.
Combine those results and
ask another call to get the final result.
So literally like maps over all of them
and then reduces it into one MapReduce.
We're gonna refine documents,
I think that will get the best results for
what we have.
But as this app grows,
you might find you need something else.
Okay, the next thing we're gonna do is
create the embeddings that we wanna use,
and then we'll use a vector
store to get that.
So we can say the embeddings.
There's many embeddings model, we're
just gonna use the one that OpenAI has,
so we can say new embeddings,
which I believe comes from /embeddings.
Let's see, langchain/embeddings, yep.
And we wanna get the OpenAIEmbeddings,
like so.
We don't have to pass in any args here,
it's gonna read the environment variable.
This is gonna return a function that
any chain can use to create embeddings.
Remember, embeddings
are a group of vectors.
So we need, it's basically saying this
is how I want you to create embeddings.
In this case, it's going to make an API
call to open AI to create an embedding.
Open AI has an embedding endpoint
where you can send it some text and
I'll send you back some vectors.
Because you don't have access to
Open AI's model on your machine, so
you don't know what that is, so
you have to use theirs, host it.
So that's what this is gonna do.
So we have our embeddings.
The next thing we wanna
do is create our store.
This is our vector store,
which we can store everything.
And this is just going to be inside of,
where's this one?
Vector store's memory.
So we'll do that, and
then we'll just do the from documents and
parse in the docs and the embeddings.
So let's import that.
Langchain/vectorstore/memory.
We'll bring in the memory vector store.
We'll make a new memory vector store.from.
I think you don't even
need the new actually.
It's just memory vector store.from docs.
We're gonna pass in our docs, and
then we're gonna pass in our embeddings.
So we got that.
Yes.
>> And just to clarify,
document is kind of the required data
type from LangChain to be able to.
>> Yeah, if you want to be able to use
their stores that they abstract away,
you would need the document.
But if you talk to, for
instance langchain has wrappers for
every popular vector database out there,
so first let me show you.
Vector stores.
So you can see they have,
these are like some of the top
vector databases out there.
So they had to create a standard format
and how you store things in those vector
databases, documents is
that standard format.
You can interact with these
databases outside of langchain,
and then they might have their
own way in how you store text.
It might not be a document,
but if using langchain,
you might as well build an abstraction,
or use their abstraction to use it.
So, but yeah.
And there's many ways to make a document.
They have document loaders
that can pull in a PDF file.
Actually let me show you.
Here's a file loader this can take
multiple files this can take CSVs,
ePubs, docx, JSON files, PDF files,
a notion markdown, a text file.
You can take in a website,
[LAUGH] you can take in a good book,
a figma file, a GitHub repo.
It doesn't matter,
it'll load all that in and
create documents which would then
you can create embeddings for.
And this is a small list compared to
the other stuff that's out there on
llama index.
If you've ever heard of that,
that thing you can pull anything from
anywhere on that, it's absolutely insane.
And that works with Langchain too.
But that's getting off topic.
Cool, so now we have the store.
Now all we wanna do is perform our
similarity search here, so we can say
story.similarity search and pass in our
question and get some relevant docs.
So we'll say, cool.
These are the relevant,
Docs, and we're gonna
await the store.similarity search,
and pass in our, why did it do that?
What?
There we go.
Similarity search and
then pass in the question.
Lines are freaking out.
I don't know why I forgot like that.
What do you want?
Does not exist on, it does?
I use this all the time.
You have to await this,
I'm sorry, that's a promise.
There we go.
Okay, so now we have our relevant docs.
Now we're ready to make the call
to the AI cuz at this point,
we know what entries you need
to answer this question.
That's what this is,
based off the question you gave us,
we know that these are the only
entries you need to answer that
question because we already
put them in the database.
And this right here takes your question,
puts in the database and
comes back with the relevant docs.
So now we're ready to make that call.
And we can do that with any
chain if you just call call, and
then we can pass in our input documents,
and then we can just pass in our question.
So let's just do that.
Res = await.
Chain.call, relavantDocs,
it's gonna be relavantDocs.
Or I think it's, I'm sorry, input_docs.
Yeah, input_docs are gonna
be relavantDocs, and
then question is just question.
Input_documents, sorry.
High school, where are you at?
Where are you at?
Now we have a response and
then response typically,
I think it always has .output text or
something like that.
Yeah, so
we could just say return response.output.
Text, and that'll be our answer.
So this is significantly different from
what we did with the first AI thing.
This is way more advanced.
In fact, this is a really good foundation
for building some pretty crazy stuff.
I don't even know where to begin to give
you some examples of what you can do with
this, but,
you can do pretty much anything with this.
I have some code on my computer that I
give it a URL, it'll crawl that website,
go to the sitemap,
find every URL on that website.
Download every single page,
create embeddings for every single page,
put in the database, and then now I can
ask questions about that website, right?
I can then I can have it to ask
questions across many websites.
Great for doing research,
great for learning,
I can have it crawl next.js's
documentation in line.
I can just like, yeah,
write me some code in nextjs's 13.
And it knows how, cuz it knows
the whole website, so stuff like that.
So, and that's still a small example
of all the things you can do.